so this new book about the history of
slavery in the new world new France New
Spain North America South America in
many ways exactly why it is so powerful
is the challenge it poses to propaganda
and it doesn't just challenge what you
may be presuming to be the kind of
propaganda of say the 1950s or even the
1980s it challenges currently prevalent
currently popular propaganda notions it
challenges the notion that the
indigenous peoples of the new world just
died away passively due to disease and
not new due to a process of being
actively extirpated from their land
hunted down literally put in Chains
literally being forced to march at the
point of a spear huge distances with no
proper food and water and then they died
the Seas
apologies for the microphone quality as
you can see in the background there I'm
uploading more or less from the beach
and tae-jong at the moment but I wanted
to let you guys know I currently am
uploading videos to three different
channels and the videos that get
uploaded to each aren't quite the same
so this video is going to be found on my
reviews channel so on the reviews
channel they're going to be reviews of
books once in a while products movies I
think I've reviewed at least one rap
album there but yeah for the foreseeable
future book reviews I could imagine
being the main thing of that channel and
many of those reviews will of course be
about politics history etc the channel
where I imagine most of my time effort
and energy going right now is active
research and informed opinion that's
going to be my serious politics channel
and here on a balla CL you're gonna see
more of my personal life along with some
of the videos from the other two
channels when I feel they overlap enough
that the audience you wanna know about
them so check it out click on the link
below this video and see this book
review about the history
[Music]